Rk/dummy file (#3512)
dimagi/commcare-cloud: docs/firefighting/index.md

GROUP BY main_table
ORDER BY n_tup_ins DESC;
```
### Disk Full on Data partition

> In Case Postgresql fails with  `No space left on device` Error message and in order to free up space you need to restart the Postgresql then Please take the following steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Case PostgreSQL fails with  `No space left on device` error message and in order to free up space needed to restart the PostgreSQL then take the following steps
```

* Stop the `Pgbouncer`
* There is a dummy file of 1GB placed in encrypted root path `/opt/data/emerg_delete.dummy` which can be deleted.
* It will give you enough space to restart Database. Reclaim the disk space.

> * Start the `Pgbouncer`

Reviewer: ```
* Start the `Pgbouncer`
* Once the issue has been resolved you should re-add the dummy file for future use:
   \```
   dd if=/dev/zero of=/opt/data/emerg_delete.dummy count=1024 bs=1048576
   \```

```
